DataGrid: update Rendering Optimzation + How To sections (#4695)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/10 Enhance Performance on Large Datasets/030 Rendering Optimization/30 Use repaintChangesOnly.md

> Enable the [repaintChangesOnly]() property to optimize performance in the cases below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the [repaintChangesOnly]() property to optimize performance in the following cases:
```

- If you enable editing and use the **columns**.[setCellValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#setCellValue) method.

> - If a velocity of real-time updates is high. Refer to the following demo for an example: [Real Time Updates](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/RealTimeUpdates).

Reviewer: What do you mean by `a velocity`?

Author: I mean "speed". Should I change it?

Author: Or do you mean that 'velocity' is uncountable?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the speed of real-time updates is high. Refer to the following demo for an example: [Real Time Updates](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/RealTimeUpdates).
```
